tiup: add document of tispark support in tiup cluster (#3611)
pingcap/docs: tiup/tiup-cluster.md

## Import TiDB Ansible cluster

> **Note:**
>

> > Currently, TiUP cluster's support for TiSpark is still **experimental**. It is not supported to import the cluster with TiSpark enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, TiUP cluster's support for TiSpark is still **experimental**. It is not supported to import a TiDB cluster with TiSpark enabled.
```
